---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ignition_identity_provider Resource - ignition"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Identity Provider in Ignition.
---

# ignition_identity_provider (Resource)

Manages an Identity Provider in Ignition.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ignition_identity_provider" "oidc" {
  name = "AzureAD"
  type = "oidc"
  config = {
    client_id                   = "my-client-id"
    client_secret               = "my-client-secret"
    provider_id                 = "azure-ad"
    authorization_endpoint      = "https://login.microsoftonline.com/.../oauth2/v2.0/authorize"
    token_endpoint              = "https://login.microsoftonline.com/.../oauth2/v2.0/token"
    json_web_keys_endpoint      = "https://login.microsoftonline.com/.../discovery/v2.0/keys"
    json_web_keys_endpoint_enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the identity provider.
- `type` (String) The type of the identity provider (internal, oidc, saml).

### Optional

- `acs_binding` (String) The expected binding used by the IdP (HTTP-Redirect, HTTP-POST).
- `assertion_signatures_required` (Boolean)
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Authorization Endpoint.
- `client_id` (String) The client identifier registered within the identity provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret registered within the identity provider.
- `description` (String) The description of the identity provider.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the identity provider is enabled.
- `force_authn` (Boolean)
- `idp_entity_id` (String) The Identity Provider's Entity ID.
- `idp_metadata_url` (String)
- `idp_metadata_url_enabled` (Boolean)
- `jwk_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's JSON Web Key Set document.
- `jwk_endpoint_enabled` (Boolean) If true, then identity provider public keys will be automatically downloaded.
- `logout_endpoint` (String) URL at the OP to which an RP can perform a redirect to request that the End-User be logged out.
- `name_id_format` (String) The expected name ID format.
- `provider_id` (String) The issuer URL of the identity provider.
- `remember_me_expiration` (Number) Maximum hours a user will be remembered.
- `response_signatures_required` (Boolean)
- `session_expiration` (Number) Maximum minutes a session may exist before it is expired.
- `session_inactivity_timeout` (Number) Minutes before expiring a session due to user inactivity.
- `sp_entity_id` (String) The Service Provider's Entity ID.
- `sp_entity_id_enabled` (Boolean) True if the SP Entity ID setting should be used.
- `sso_service_config` (Attributes) The Identity Provider's SSO Service Configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sso_service_config))
- `token_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Token Endpoint.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) URL to retrieve UserInfo claims from the provider.
- `user_source` (String) The name of the User Source Profile used to authenticate users (for 'internal' type).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `signature` (String) The signature of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--sso_service_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sso_service_config`

Required:

- `binding` (String)
- `uri` (String)
