---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ignition_store_forward Resource - ignition"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Store and Forward Engine in Ignition.
---

# ignition_store_forward (Resource)

Manages a Store and Forward Engine in Ignition.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the engine.

### Optional

- `batch_size` (Number) Batch size for forwarding.
- `data_threshold` (Number) Maximum data amount in memory before writing to disk.
- `description` (String) The description of the engine.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the engine is enabled.
- `forward_rate_ms` (Number) Rate at which data is eligible for forwarding.
- `forwarding_policy` (String) Policy for forwarding (ALL, PRIMARY_ONLY, SECONDARY_ONLY).
- `forwarding_schedule` (String) Comma separated list of time ranges (e.g. 9:00-15:00).
- `is_third_party` (Boolean) Whether the engine is managed by a third party.
- `primary_policy` (Attributes) Maintenance policy for primary datastore (memory). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--primary_policy))
- `scan_rate_ms` (Number) Rate at which data pipelines are scanned.
- `secondary_policy` (Attributes) Maintenance policy for secondary datastore (disk). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secondary_policy))
- `time_threshold_ms` (Number) Maximum time data accumulates in memory before writing to disk.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `signature` (String) The signature of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--primary_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `primary_policy`

Required:

- `action` (String)
- `limit_type` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--secondary_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secondary_policy`

Required:

- `action` (String)
- `limit_type` (String)
- `value` (Number)
